Adding docs about generating metadata feature in integration studio (#4790)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/get-started/about-this-release.md

### New features

> - **[Generating Service Catalog Metadata Artifact for Older Workspaces]({{base_path}}/integrate/develop/generate-service-catalog-metadata.md)**

Reviewer: Shall we add a small description as well under this?

Author: Fixed

### New features

- **[Generating Service Catalog Metadata Artifacts]({{base_path}}/integrate/develop/generate-service-catalog-metadata.md)**

> This feature generates metadata artifacts for the APIs and Proxy services has been created inside the older Integration Studio workspaces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature generates metadata artifacts for the APIs and Proxy services that have been created inside the older Integration Studio workspaces.
```
